# 
# # 
# Daily Meeting Notes

**Date:** 2025-06-24

## Attendees
- [Djoemy](https://github.com/Djoemy)
- [kouamschekina](https://github.com/kouamschekina)
- [NdSaid](https://github.com/NdSaid)
- [max402](https://github.com/max402)
- [Valsuh45](https://github.com/Valsuh45)
- [francis-pouatcha](https://github.com/francis-pouatcha)
- https://github.com/stephane-segning

## Work Performed So Far
- **[Djoemy](https://github.com/Djoemy):** Prepared the project infrastructure and planing
- **[kouamschekina](https://github.com/kouamschekina):** Did a mock release for obg and deployed obg using a domain name
- **[max402](https://github.com/max402):** Fix ESlint errors for consent ui
- **[NdSaid](https://github.com/NdSaid):**  Review PR of colleagues, work on combining endpoints for orchestrated PIS flow   
- **[Valsuh45](https://github.com/Valsuh45):** Wrote unit tests for the endpoint logic.
 
## Todayâ€™s Plan
- **[Djoemy](https://github.com/Djoemy):** Moderation of daily and planing meeting
- **[kouamschekina](https://github.com/kouamschekina):** Deploy obg using a domain name
- **[max402](https://github.com/max402):** Fix Eslint errors for Fintech ui
- **[NdSaid](https://github.com/NdSaid):**  Review PR of colleagues, work on combining endpoints for orchestrated PIS flow  
- **[Valsuh45](https://github.com/Valsuh45):** Fix failing CI and proceed with research on deploying xs2a project with Ansible Scripts.
## Blockers / Issues
- **Blocker-1:** 

- **Blocker-2:** 

## Additional Notes
- 
