# 
# # 
# Daily Meeting Notes

**Date:** 2025-06-20

## Attendees
- [Djoemy](https://github.com/Djoemy)
- [kouamschekina](https://github.com/kouamschekina)
- [NdSaid](https://github.com/NdSaid)
- [Valsuh45](https://github.com/Valsuh45)
- [francis-pouatcha](https://github.com/francis-pouatcha)


## Work Performed So Far
- **[Djoemy](https://github.com/Djoemy):** Prepared the the project infrastructure and planing
- **[kouamschekina](https://github.com/kouamschekina):** Did mock release and updated release script to include firefly-exporter project
- **[max402](https://github.com/max402):** UB
- **[NdSaid](https://github.com/NdSaid):** Mock release, working on combining the endpoints for the PIS flow 
- **[Valsuh45](https://github.com/Valsuh45):** Worked on requested changes on the PRs
 
## Todayâ€™s Plan
- **[Djoemy](https://github.com/Djoemy):** Moderation of daily and planing meeting
- **[kouamschekina](https://github.com/kouamschekina):** Do mock release
- **[max402](https://github.com/max402):** UB
- **[NdSaid](https://github.com/NdSaid):** Mock release, working on combining the endpoints for the PIS flow 
- **[Valsuh45](https://github.com/Valsuh45):** Work on requested changes on the PRs
## Blockers / Issues
- **Blocker-1:** 

- **Blocker-2:** 

## Additional Notes
- 
