# 
# # 
# Daily Meeting Notes

**Date:** 2025-05-14

## Attendees
- [Djoemy](https://github.com/Djoemy)
- [kouamschekina](https://github.com/kouamschekina)
- [NdSaid](https://github.com/NdSaid)
- [Valsuh45](https://github.com/Valsuh45)

## Work Performed So Far
- **[Djoemy](https://github.com/Djoemy):** Prepared the the project infrastructure and planing
- **[kouamschekina](https://github.com/kouamschekina):** Implement replacement logic for the BankSearch Endpoints
- **[max402](https://github.com/max402):** N/A
- **[NdSaid](https://github.com/NdSaid):** Preparation for the meeting with the Taler team (looking at the ConsentApi)
- **[Valsuh45](https://github.com/Valsuh45):** Worked on the replacement logic for the BankSearch Endpoints

## Todayâ€™s Plan
- **[Djoemy](https://github.com/Djoemy):** Moderation of daily and planing meeting
- **[kouamschekina](https://github.com/kouamschekina):** Implement replacement logic for the BankSearch Endpoints
- **[max402](https://github.com/max402):** N/A
- **[NdSaid](https://github.com/NdSaid):** Preparation for the meeting with the Taler team (looking at the ConsentApi)
- **[Valsuh45](https://github.com/Valsuh45):** Work on the replacement logic for the BankSearch Endpoints

- **Blocker-1:** 

- **Blocker-2:** 

## Additional Notes
